Adds case study:  Asp.netCore.md (#238)
NoroffFEU/development-platforms: src/content/docs/frameworks/Asp.netCore/AspNetCore-case-study.md

## ASP.NET Core: Key Milestones

- **2014**: Microsoft embraces open-source development, announcing the .NET Compiler Platform ("Roslyn") and launching the .NET Foundation.
- **2016**: Release of ASP.NET Core 1.0, a major overhaul introducing a cross-platform, unified framework for web development.
- **2017**: ASP.NET Core 2.0 debuts, enhancing compatibility with .NET Framework and .NET Standard, simplifying the transition for existing .NET developers.
- **2018**: ASP.NET Core 2.1 introduces SignalR, Razor Class Libraries, and Identity UI; followed by 2.2, which adds endpoint routing and health checks.
- **2019**: ASP.NET Core 3.0 brings support for C# 8, Windows desktop apps, and performance improvements, marking a significant update.
- **2020**: Launch of .NET 5.0, transitioning to a unified .NET platform, streamlining the naming and further integrating ASP.NET.
- **2021**: .NET 6.0, an LTS release, introduces minimal APIs and other enhancements, focusing on performance and productivity.
- **2022**: .NET 7 continues to build on .NET 6’s foundations, emphasizing refinements and expanding features.
- **2023**: .NET 8 released

## Main Features

> Asp.net core provides a opinionated framework for creating web applications, it has built in security and helps developers follow best practices by making it easier to seperate conserns. which may help keep code decoupled, easier to test and change. It also comes with some built in functionality that improves the developer experience and code quality. 

Reviewer: Typo here
```suggestion
ASP.NET Core provides an opinionated framework for creating web applications. It has built-in security and helps developers follow best practices by making it easier to separate concerns, which may help keep code decoupled, easier to test, and change. It also comes with some built-in functionality that improves the developer experience and code quality. 
```

  
- It also provides model validation, making it simple to validate the request, and provide quick error messages if needed.     
- **Supports dependency injection:** Provides an IOC container that you can register services with, and use to inject your dependency at runtime. Abstractions make it so you only need to register the service and its life time. Then you can add the service either by class constructor or method injection.  
- **Natively supports the MVC pattern:** Asp.net Core provides an opinionated way of using the mvc pattern, having predefined interfaces and classes to implement or inherit from to streamline the process. 
- **Attribute routing:** You can create your routes directly on your action methods inside your  controllers making development process faster, and gives you an better overview of what action methods are coupled with what endpoints.

## Market Comparison

> Instead of having and extensive comparison how asp.net core compares to many of the popular frameworks like Laravel, Spring, Django and Express.js. I have decided to solely compare it to express.js since i expect that to be the most likely backend framework front end developers are familiar with. 

Reviewer: Fix the tone to the third person. Consider this suggestion
```suggestion
Instead of providing an extensive comparison of how ASP.NET Core compares to many popular frameworks like Laravel, Spring, Django, and Express.js, the decision has been made to solely compare it to Express.js. This choice is based on the expectation that Express.js is the backend framework most likely to be familiar to frontend developers.

| **Ecosystem**          | .NET ecosystem, Visual Studio, Entity Framework | npm, vast JavaScript ecosystem                 |
| **Cross-Platform**     | Yes (Windows, Linux, macOS)                      | Yes (any Node.js-supported platform)           |
| **Ease of Use**        | Structured, more features out-of-the-box        | Simple, minimalistic, flexible                 |
| **Learning Curve**     | Steeper (especially without .NET background)    | Gentler (especially for those familiar with JS)|
| **Use Cases**          | Wide range (from small websites to enterprise applications) | RESTful APIs, SPAs, real-time applications |
| **Development Model**  | More structured, feature-rich                   | Minimalistic, highly flexible                  |
| **Community Support**  | Strong (backed by Microsoft)                     | Extremely large and active                     |
| **Typing**             | Statically typed                                | Dynamically typed (TypeScript for static typing)|

## Example of how you can build with ASP.NET CORE 

> -  I recommend first installing visual studio(not to be confused with visual studio code) which is an ide with good support for .net. 

Reviewer: Using the word `I` in this article makes it sound subjective. Avoid it totally because the article should sounds objective. 

Go through the whole write-up and fix that.

Author: As far as I can tell, I have fixed the issue you mentioned now. Thanks for great feedback!
